the other day at school this is a work
trip for the irish football team but
they have been able to taken little
irish culture the last two days
yesterday it was irish music and dancing
and today a double-decker bus tour
through the center of Dublin and then a
guided tour here through dublin castle
it's been amazing so far I mean
obviously never been over this part of
the world before and especially today
get to go around and learn a little bit
about the culture in the history of the
placement awesome
you
dublin castle was built in 1204 by Chris
John of England bad guys are also to be
and it would be roughly the same size
and shape as this it would be a big
round stone tower each of corners and
most of the building the inside were
made out of wood in 1684 of fire started
everybody's been great very welcoming to
us and no we're just excited to be here
in the opportunity everything what's
been your favorite thing about the stuff
you've been able to do culture wise here
in Ireland well I mean today you know be
in the castle yeah I never thought I
never thought I get the chance to do
that so you know this once in lifetime
opportunity and I'm just trying to
after this tour is completed the Irish
head back to the hotel for final
meetings and a good night of rest before
they take on navy in Aviva Stadium
tomorrow in Dublin with the Irish I'm
Jack Nolan UND komm